A blockchain is a open and public database so we do not want to store 
any type of sensitive information in a blockchain 

- no accounts 
- no balances 
- no coins 
- no senders, no receivers
- everything is done through transaction inouts and outputs 
- and we derive everything through the inputs and outputs 

Transaction Inputs are refences to preveious outputs 

Inputs are the existing funds you use when sending a transaction. When those funds come out on the receiving end of a transaction, they are now called outputs. From one transaction to the next, each input is the output of a previous transaction.

To explain inputs and outputs a bit more, let’s use a currency like US dollars as an example. Say you buy something for $20 and pay the the seller with a $20 bill. Later that day, the seller who accepted your $20 leaves work to go buy some dinner. He pays the restaurant with the same $20 that you gave him. Going back to your transaction, the $20 was your output and the seller’s input. In the dinner transaction, the $20 was the merchant’s output and the restaurant’s input.

Now, what if your purchase doesn’t cost $20, but it costs $15? Since all you have is one $20 bill, you can’t pay exactly $15, right? In that case, you’d pay with the $20 bill, and the seller will give you a $5 bill as your change.

Switching gears back to cryptocurrency, change plays a similar role like we explained with the $20 used for a $15 purchase. When you use an input that is worth more than the transaction cost, the extra funds are sent back to you as change through a newly generated address (as opposed to you receiving it to the same address you sent from). This is called your change address.

When you send funds, your change addresses are generated by your wallet, but you won’t see separate transactions in your transaction history for receiving your change; it’s included in the original sending transactions as a second output. You can view your change address for any given outgoing transaction by clicking on your transaction history. Then, expand the specific transaction to view extra details.
----
coinbase transaction,  is the first transaction in every block. This transaction creates brand-new bitcoin by paying out the block reward to the miner that added the block to the blockchain. The input of this transaction is not a UTXO from a previous transaction, but rather a special type of input called the coinbase. This is also the process by which the bitcoin money supply increases until it hits the cap of 21 million bitcoin.

##
In the Genesis block, we have the first transaction, this is called a coinbase transaction 
In this transacton, we have only one input and one output 
 This input refences an empty output 
 because there are no older outputs 
 it stores a bunch of arbitrary data nad not a signature 
 the cinbase also has a subsidy or a reward attache dto it 
 this reward is released to a single account , when that account mines a block

 This implementation uses a constant for coinbases for simplicity